So in an environment you will have thousands of years.
I host right.
You can pick up one of them.
You chose the one that you want of course you can use the search for example want to get the effects
I want.
Or number 3 to get to is I number three and so on.
Or you can pick one like that.
Of course if you have another view sometimes several can get it from the different standard connected
to this one.
And big do has to have the right configuration that you want to use and distribute it to do a difference.
It's my house.
So we click Next ask your name.
It's very simple.
Any name that you want to put you does.
The description.
This is our first like that then next and finish and you'll see it creates a hostile profile.
He will try to extracts all due configuration from this Haast so ask could you provide.
It will take small time.
That's about less than 1 minute to create a house profile.
So what is it.
No we have a profile available.